Clarify numeric equality (#382)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

* a comparison using the operator `==` yields true if and only if the comparison
is between:
    * numbers expected to interoperate as per {{Section 2.2 of -i-json (I-JSON)}} that compare equal using normal mathematical equality,

>     * numbers not expected to interoperate as per I-JSON that compare equal using an implementation specific equality,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * numbers at least one of which is not expected to interoperate as per I-JSON, where the numbers compare equal using an implementation specific equality,
```
